README.md, before:

# About
A mod for Owlcat's Pathfinder: Wrath of the Righteous. Expands the selection of available races for the player character and mercenaries.

# Installation:
1. Download and install [Unity Mod Manager](https://www.nexusmods.com/site/mods/21) and set it up for WOTR ("Pathfinder Second Adventure").
1. Download [Expanded Playable Race Selection](https://github.com/DarthParametric/WOTR_Expanded_Playable_Race_Selection/releases/latest).
1. Drag the mod zip into Unity Mod Manager.
1. Run your game.

Alternatively, you can use ModFinder to automate the installation process.

# Notes and Known Issues:
- TBA

# Thanks & Acknowledgements:
- Heavily cribbed from the code for [BubbleRaces](https://github.com/xADDBx/FileSharing/blob/8e043545d0631a8a30369024c07c31d0ac80f08d/BubbleRaces.zip) by factubsio (AKA Bubbles).
- Relies on various setup, utility and helper scripts from [TabletopTweaks](https://github.com/Vek17/TabletopTweaks-Core) by Vek17, some originally by way of [EldritchArcana](https://github.com/elmindra/pathfinder-mods) by elmindra.
- microsoftenator2022 - Provided lots of help with troubleshooting my terrible code and various Unity issues.
- Kurufinve - Coached me through the teething issues of my Rogue Trader helmet mod, allowing me to learn the ins and outs of creating the required assets and the general Unity template workflow. Also provided a custom version of Owlcat's Unity template for Wrath, allowing for vanilla type inheritance.
- Everyone in the `#mod-dev-technical` channel of the Owlcat Discord server for various modding-related discussions and suggestions, help troubleshooting issues, and answering general questions.

Commit message:

Added patch for custom race mount offsets

README.md, after:

# About
A mod for Owlcat's Pathfinder: Wrath of the Righteous. Expands the selection of available races for the player character and mercenaries.

# Installation:
1. Download and install [Unity Mod Manager](https://www.nexusmods.com/site/mods/21) and set it up for WOTR ("Pathfinder Second Adventure").
1. Download [Expanded Playable Race Selection](https://github.com/DarthParametric/WOTR_Expanded_Playable_Race_Selection/releases/latest).
1. Drag the mod zip into Unity Mod Manager.
1. Run your game.

Alternatively, you can use ModFinder to automate the installation process.

# Notes and Known Issues:
- TBA

# Thanks & Acknowledgements:
- Heavily cribbed from the code for [BubbleRaces](https://github.com/xADDBx/FileSharing/blob/8e043545d0631a8a30369024c07c31d0ac80f08d/BubbleRaces.zip) by factubsio (AKA Bubbles).
- Relies on various setup, utility and helper scripts from [TabletopTweaks](https://github.com/Vek17/TabletopTweaks-Core) by Vek17, some originally by way of [EldritchArcana](https://github.com/elmindra/pathfinder-mods) by elmindra.
- microsoftenator2022 - Provided lots of help with troubleshooting my terrible code and various Unity issues.
- Kurufinve - Coached me through the teething issues of my Rogue Trader helmet mod, allowing me to learn the ins and outs of creating the required assets and the general Unity template workflow. Also provided a custom version of Owlcat's Unity template for Wrath, allowing for vanilla type inheritance.
- EdgarEbonfowl provided the code for fixing the mount offsets of added races.
- Everyone in the `#mod-dev-technical` channel of the Owlcat Discord server for various modding-related discussions and suggestions, help troubleshooting issues, and answering general questions.
